Added a section about the StoreUmbracoFormsInDb setting (#2699)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Developer/Configuration/index.md

If you do set this to `True` then you need to add `@Html.AntiForgeryToken()` to your forms. The default template for Forms can be found in `~/Views/Partials/Forms/Form.cshtml` and should have `@Html.AntiForgeryToken()` in the `@using (Html.BeginUmbracoForm [...]` block.

### StoreUmbracoFormsInDb

This setting needs to be set to `True` if you want your Forms data to be stored in the database instead of the .json files in the `App_Data/UmbracoForms` directory in the file system.

> For more information check out our documentation on how to do it - our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Deployment/Umbraco-Forms-on-Cloud/#version-850

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on this, read the [Forms in the Database](../Forms-in-the-Database) article.
```
